docs: update getting-started and remove examples (#477)
KILTprotocol/sdk-js: docs/getting-started.md

  - [4.1 Build an attestation](#41-build-an-attestation)
  - [4.2 Store the attestation on the KILT blockchain](#42-store-the-attestation-on-the-kilt-blockchain)
- [5. Create and verify a presentation](#5-create-and-verify-a-presentation)
  - [5.1 Generate a verifier light DID](#51-generate-a-verifier-light-did)
  - [5.2 Ask for credentials](#52-ask-for-credentials)
  - [5.3 Build a presentation](#53-build-a-presentation)
  - [5.4 Verify the presentation](#54-verify-the-presentation)
- [6. Teardown](#6-teardown)

## 1. Setup

Before we can run this getting started, there are few steps to run to set up the crypto and the connections required.

### 1.1 Create a new project

First, we need to create a new project in a new directory.
For this, we run `mkdir kilt-rocks && cd kilt-rocks`.

From inside the `kilt-rocks` project directory, install the SDK and typescript with either of the following package managers:

With `yarn` (recommended):

```bash
yarn add @kiltprotocol/sdk-js typescript
```

With `npm`:

```bash
npm install @kiltprotocol/sdk-js typescript
```

With all the required dependencies set, just create a new (empty) TS script file with `touch getting-started.ts`.

> To run the script at any point during this guide, just run `npx ts-node getting-started.ts`.

Author: https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/pull/477/commits/5fc34d716266518c00b3c6d9c9e2a0626d42247b

Let's get started 🔥

#### Note <!-- omit in toc -->

Some calls in this example are made to asynchronous functions.
Therefore, functions must be wrapped inside an `async` function to be executed:

```typescript
async function main() {
  await foo()
}
// execute
main()
```

To keep the examples short, we will not wrap each one in an asynchronous function and expect you to do this on your own.
Also, the compiler will complain when you try to `await` a promise on the root level - except if you are using TypeScript 3.8+ and configure your _tsconfig.json_ to enable this (see [the typescript doc](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-8.html#top-level-await) for more).

In case you are unsure, please have a look at our [workshop](https://dev.kilt.io/docs/sdk/workshop/welcome/) where we provide everything ready to be copied and pasted.

💡 At any point, you can **check out our [getting-started.ts](./getting-started.ts) for a working example of the code presented here**.

### 1.2 Set up the crypto and connect to a KILT node

When using the SDK, there are two tasks that must performed before everything else:

1. Initialize cryptographic dependencies.

>    If this step is skipped, certain operations like account generation could fail with the error "the WASM interface has not been initialized".

Author: https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/pull/477/commits/ed0eb5b678c67525257b5ca0ad7a741e2060b362

>    If this step is skipped, certain operations like account generation using some algorithms, e.g., Sr25519, could fail with the error "the WASM interface has not been initialized".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If this step is skipped, certain operations such as using some algorithms to generate accounts, e.g., Sr25519, could fail with the error "the WASM interface has not been initialized".
```

> 2. Set essential configurations, most importantly the address of the KILT node to connect to for anything that interacts with the KILT blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set essential configurations, most importantly the address of the KILT node to connect to interact with the KILT blockchain.
```

   These operations will throw an error if called before a connection with a KILT node has been established.

DID operations require the presence of a keystore object that implements the [Keystore interface](../packages/types/src/Keystore.ts).
For the sake of simplicity, the SDK provides a [demo keystore implementation](../packages/did/src/DemoKeystore/DemoKeystore.ts) which can be used to generate key pairs that are kept unencrypted in memory and disappear at the end of the program execution.

**Using the demo keystore in production is highly discouraged as all the keys are kept in the memory and easily retrievable by malicious actors. For an example on how to write your own keystore, take a look at the [Sporran wallet implementation](https://github.com/BTE-Trusted-Entity/sporran-extension).**

```typescript
import * as Kilt from '@kiltprotocol/sdk-js'

/* Set up the crypto */

> // Keyring is required to generate KILT accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Keyring is required to generate KILT accounts.
// If you are using `srr25519` to generate KILT accounts, the `cryptoWaitReady` must be called beforehand.
```

const keyring = new Kilt.Utils.Keyring({
  ss58Format: 38,

>   type: 'ed25519',

Reviewer: We should have a comment here about the `sr25519` requiring the `cryptoWaitReady`.

However, **we recommend to start your local node** and use a mnemonic which already has tokens by using our docker image.
Depending on which version of the SDK you are using, you might need to spin up the latest officially released version of the node, which works with the latest release of the SDK.

**Option #3 is the live network and not recommended to test on as it requires tokens with real value**

### 1.3 Generate a dev account with KILT tokens (local deployment only)

If using a local dev deployment, the following account is endowed with funds and can be used to send tokens to other accounts.

```typescript
const devAccount = keyring.addFromMnemonic(
  'receive clutch item involve chaos clutch furnace arrest claw isolate okay together'
)
```

## 2. Create a Claim Type (CType)

A Claim Type (CType) defines the structure of all credentials that conform to it, and is useful especially for verifiers since they can know, by requesting credentials of a specific CType, what information to expect in those credentials.

### 2.1 Generate an attester KILT account and on-chain DID

Before being used in credentials, CTypes must be stored on the KILT blockchain.

> To do so, an on-chain DID is required for the entity willing to write CType on chain.

Author: https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/pull/477/commits/af86a15193a9e8c26492a56d61399210fbe966b1

The KILT SDK provides a transport-agnostic messaging framework that does just that and uses DIDs for secure end-to-end encrypted communication.

```typescript
/* The claimer creates a message from the request for attestation. */
const requestForAttestationMessage = new Kilt.Message(
  {
    content: { requestForAttestation },
    type: Kilt.Message.BodyType.REQUEST_ATTESTATION,
  },
  claimerLightDid.did,
  attesterFullDid.did
)
console.log('Request for attestation message:')
console.log(JSON.stringify(requestForAttestationMessage, undefined, 2))

/* The message is encrypted for the attester, so that no other user can decrypt it and read its content. */
const encryptedRequestForAttestationMessage =
  await requestForAttestationMessage.encrypt(
    claimerLightDid.encryptionKey!.id,
    claimerLightDid,
    keystore,
    attesterFullDid.assembleKeyId(attesterFullDid.encryptionKey!.id)
  )
```

## 4. Create an attestation

Once the attester receives a request for attestation from a claimer, it will perform some work to verify whether the claims are valid.
If so, it will write an attestation on the KILT blockchain and return the information back to the claimer.

> As sender identity and message validity are also checked during decryption, if the decryption process completes successfully, the attester can assume that the sender of the message is also the owner of the claim, as the two identities match.

Author: Good point -> https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/pull/477/commits/cf7198f8f585bf2a8cd26b99d7d9d87c56815330

### 4.1 Build an attestation

In this case, the attester decrypts the message received from the claimer and extracts the original request for attestation.

```typescript
const decryptedRequestForAttestationMessage = await Kilt.Message.decrypt(
  encryptedRequestForAttestationMessage,
  keystore,
  attesterFullDid
)
let extractedRequestForAttestation: Kilt.IRequestForAttestation
if (
  decryptedRequestForAttestationMessage.body.type ===
  Kilt.Message.BodyType.REQUEST_ATTESTATION
) {
  extractedRequestForAttestation =
    decryptedRequestForAttestationMessage.body.content.requestForAttestation
} else {
  throw new Error('Invalid request for attestation received.')
}
```

> Then, after verifying the validity of the claims in the request for attestation, the attester builds an attestation.

Author: https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/pull/477/commits/ae82e04443ed739ffaa706b4aabaefa11acad3c1

  .generateKeypair({
    alg: Kilt.Did.EncryptionAlgorithms.NaclBox,
  })
  .then((keypair) => {
    return {
      publicKey: keypair.publicKey,
      type: Kilt.Did.DidUtils.getEncryptionKeyTypeForEncryptionAlgorithm(
        keypair.alg
      ),
    }
  })

/* Create an off-chain DID with the generated keys. */
const verifierLightDid = Kilt.Did.LightDidDetails.fromDetails({
  authenticationKey: verifierAuthenticationKey,
  encryptionKey: verifierEncryptionKey,
})
console.log(`Verifier DID: ${verifierLightDid.did}`)
```

### 5.2 Ask for credentials

A verifier usually requires a claimer to fulfil some requirements before providing a specific service.
The verifier needs to initiate the verification process by requesting a presentation for a specific CType.
In this case, the verifier wants to verify the name of the claimer.
To do so, it will send a request for credential message to the claimer.

```typescript
const requestForCredentialMessage = new Kilt.Message(
  {
    type: Kilt.Message.BodyType.REQUEST_CREDENTIAL,
    content: {
      cTypes: [
        { cTypeHash: ctype.hash, trustedAttesters: [attesterFullDid.did] },
      ],
    },

>   },

Reviewer 2: For some reason this comment didn't make it... I was asking if we don't allow for a challenge on the request, or have some other challenge procedure for verification at this point?

Author: https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/pull/477/commits/8cd592eaf1f35342a10fa3053be0878f8ffcecaf

  },
  type: 'object',
})
console.log('CType: ')
console.log(JSON.stringify(ctype, undefined, 2))
```

### 2.3 Store the CType on the KILT blockchain

With the built CType object, the attester can now create and sign a transaction that writes it on the KILT blockchain.

```typescript

> /* The attester signs the ctype creation transaction resulting from calling `ctype.store()` with its DID. */

Reviewer: We should indicate that if you are not using a local chain, it is best practice to check if the CType is stored on chain
